Further consolidate Contributing guides (#4654)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: CONTRIBUTING.md

**Thanks for your interest in contributing to
[OpenTelemetry.io](https://opentelemetry.io/)!**

> To learn how to contribute fixes and new content to this project, read the
> [Contributor's guide](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/contributing/), which
> includes a style guide and useful information on the review process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to contribute fixes and new content to this project, see
[Contributor](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/contributing/), which
includes a style guide and useful information on the review process.
```
